The roads in your countryside are terrible
Isn't this the way of the countryside?
No, I haven't.
You are a migrant worker
Have you ever seen a rural road?
Are you kidding me?
Dad, don't fantasize that you are the CEO
Please restrain yourself
Now how far is it from here to your house?
5 kilometers 5 kilometers
Then I'll take a taxi
Mr. Gu, can you save a little?
How nice of you to spend the money you save on Doudou
It's Daddy, you're not the CEO after all
It's not that I don't save
A full 5 kilometers
We're not taking a taxi now, are we going on foot?
The car is for you
But there is one less wheel.
Here comes the fire
Mr. Gu
Please get in the car absolutely impossible
I can ride in a car like this as my identity